# Home-Lab Traffic Simulation: Attack and IDS

Created a home lab in Oracle VirtualBox with a NAT Network setup. This NAT network is meant to simulate an end user connecting to a public-facing web server with another user attempting to intercept packet transmission between the two devices. The lab consists of three Virtual Machines, two of which are loaded with a Window's 10 OS. These two VM's (Zues and Hermes) are meant to simulate the end user (Hermes) and the web server (Zues) they are attempting to communicate with. The third VM (Hera) is loaded with an up to date version of kali linux. Kali linux is a open source distribution of Linux that is preloaded with many tools that help with packet capture such as Wireshark. Additionally, Scapy was downloaded on the kali linux VM in order to write programs to intercept these packets from python alone.

To create the connection between the end-user and the server, netcat was used to create either a TCP or UDP connection. The kali linux machine, using a custom wrote script (ADD FILE NAME HERE), will intercept these packets by listening on the network for the two communicating devices. Once intercepted, the Kali machine will conduct an ARP spoofing attack on the NAT Network's router. This allows the kali to not only view the messages between the two devices but also edit the layers of each packet individually to intercept and control all communication between both parties.

After conducting these attacks, I was curious to see how an Endpoint Detection and Response program might react to this type and other types of attacks between the two windows machines. I decided to test some open-source or free trial EDRs. The two I decided on were Splunk and Microsoft Azure Sentinel.
